[DOCS] Fix broken links (#3588)
percona/pmm: README.md

* Improve Data Security

> See the [PMM Documentation](https://www.percona.com/doc/percona-monitoring-and-management/3.x/index.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [PMM Documentation](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/3/index.html) for more information.
```

## Architecture

Check [PMM documentation](../pmm/documentation/docs/index.md) for the actual architecture.

![Overall Architecture](../pmm/documentation/docs/images/C_S_Architecture.jpg "Client Server Architecture")

![PMM Server](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/images/PMM-Server-Component-Based-View.jpg 'PMM Server Architecture')

![PMM Client](../pmm/documentation/docs/images/PMM-Client-Component-Based-View.jpg 'PMM Client Architecture')

## Installation

There are numbers of installation methods, please check our [Setting Up](../pmm/documentation/docs/install-pmm/index.md) documentation page.

But in a nutshell:

> {.power-number}

Reviewer: I don't think this will work, as this page is not processed by mkdocs :)
